no the accident up there yeah someone
got hurt you did a lady she broke our
neck
oh my god but you can see yes where is
she
standing next to my window
baby would be shaking Cole what's wrong
if you ever talk to your mom about how
things are I don't tell her things she
doesn't look at me like everybody else
and I don't want her to I don't want her
to know know what I see dead people
walking around like regular people
I don't see anything are you sure
they're there sometimes you feel it
inside like you're falling down real
fast you ever feels prickly things on
the back of your neck yes touch them
they get bad it gets cold often do you
see them Oh
didn't want me to do things for them
I think that they know that you're one
of these very rare people who can see
them so you need to help them what they
don't one who I don't think that's the
way it works I know for sure
anyone there
please make them I'm working on
you